Wednesday Achievement
- Method to get a word and a synset from their id 
- Method to remove a synset, and to remove the reference of a synset in a word info 

Thursday Goal 
- Try to save and realaod the modify xml 
- try to load it with wn 
- make test method without wn library 
- make test method with wn 
- put all the code into a class and a .py (curently on my sandbox ipynb)
- make a method to get all the index of the synset on a branch starting form a mode synset 


Hi Lorena 

I send you this message regarding the situation with the scaffolding front of the building. Its has been here since 3 weeks now and it seems it will be here for a long time. 
The scaffolding has appeared less than 3 weeks after my arrival ! You knew this would happen when you rented the room as the installation of scaffolding must be approved by the co-ownership. But there was no mention of it in the advert. I paid for a room with a balcony not a scaffolding. It misleading advertising and I would never have taken this room if the situation had been mentioned. 
I have especially chosen this room for the balcony and the light because I am working from home. But now I have none of them as I can't open my shutters properly. And I an forced to work in the dark. 
I pay more than the other rooms especially for the balcony. But I don't have a balcony anymore because of the scaffolding. Hence the situation is totally unfair. If the scaffolding if there for a month I ask for a commercial gesture on the price of the rent. 


